Explore the tips for the richness of life
alife
This time, Lai Farr lives in Fukuoka City
The flute player is Kumi Nakanishi
There is a flute in the brass band club of elementary school
Flute from the fun and 10 years old when I started not have to remain a lot if there is no less popular
It has been increasing for 30 years for the first time
A little more to X-ray the do it by another my spine took is bent suffered Gunyu
like this
It has a strange attitude, isn't it?
I wonder if it is in this form
It is cheating on other instruments
I did not think much
Also to leave very beautiful sound
It sounds like a lot of noise and it's close to the love of people
sound
I like to come out and have a wide range of expressions
It has a single and after 14 gold flute of N Silver now
Silver coins soft because the sound of people of that professional Toka another really much
Of course there are people who are saying only with the deputy 's instrument
In addition, it becomes a chain because it sounds a bit colorful when it becomes a little different money
But it's key also various Toka Kyukin 14 Fri 19.5 width twenty-four width
In so I think I g 4 gold is correct
I'm using only you
I think I'm such about 7 years true ago touched the jazz doing just classic and
I think there was such a nice, free processing and fun music
In the flute that sounds like this I try various children
It's interesting if you use it at a call like this
The part where I was sitting really did the jazz when doing only plastic
Jazz and classical music of classic enjoy the applicant both really by that
This is a concert
Just go out where it's supposed to be
I feel that tension is fun, but I want to hear what I want to hear next while saying
But I enjoy having a drink
Hmm
It is also fun to see the customers who are giving me
I want to let the children of ace listen to music as a family concert ker
Let's put all the concerts that the mothers can listen to very freely to a plane
There are only children and they have you come in front
It's so hot that there are various instrument notes
Various Naa and I thought it's duck you now how you and want to hear it is inflated is that dream
I will
Flute player at tv
Mom go ask them to work, such as
The most I the end I'm not doing many years various anymore really body Yawan'ya
Another younger daughter is very cooperative in the second grade and fifth-grade junior high school and had two children also but is
Blow the flute after the hilt mom row for us to take care of like a manager in
I really enjoy it
It seems a fun Uwa' and work of the TV after doing just flute in
When I got home, I was really able to be kind to children too
Korakuen char I want to related something to the children the feelings Tsu or the fun
I sometimes try to do my best to make delicious food but I am very tired from time to time
Even when I'm tired I've been really healed by my children
Because I feel like I'm growing up with my children
Minister is
The
Lee blowing same at anything flute
Even when I am busy doing various work, I am busy and I enjoy myself when I am busy I am idle myself
Joy of
If I do not have Tsunoshima, the cost is absolutely
Its But because I feel that not get playing to
Although I practice'm hard up to play and enjoy
You can enjoy the production more precisely because you have it in hand
Then you do not correct the customers
Once our fun f
Presentation withdrawal Haier